[16.0][IMP] purchase_vendor_promotion: automatically assign supplier with promotion (#4)
trisdoan/purchase-workflow: purchase_vendor_promotion/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows you to visualise the start and end date of a vendor promotion during replenishment.
> A vendor price is considered as a promotion if product supplier info is flagged as a `promotion`. Besides, reodering rules are automatically assigned with the vendor promotion. By default, Buy Route is marked to assign vendor in replenishment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows you to visualize the start and end date of a vendor promotion during replenishment, in `Inventory > Operations > Replenishment` or `Inventory > Configuration > Products > Reordering Rules`.
A vendor price is considered as a promotion if product supplier info is flagged as a `promotion`.
If "Buy" is chosen as the Preferred Route, the vendor having the best active or upcoming promotion for the product will be automatically chosen. If no promotion is available, then first vendor will be chosen.
```
